Update highlights.md (#73)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/backward-incompatible-changes/highlights.md

The `grunt-contrib-jasmine.js` library has been updated. The `toBeFalsy()` function does not work correctly with undefined values. Use the `toBeUndefined()` function instead to check results. <!--- AC-2840-->

A new Backend Theme was added to support AEP Integration `Magento/spectrum`. As a result static file generation not work correctly after upgrading to Adobe Commerce 2.4.5.

> Make sure you add the new theme to `.magento.env.yaml` when using the [SCD_MATRIX](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html#scd_matrix/) feature or custom static content deploy command.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you add the new theme to the `.magento.env.yaml` file when using the [`SCD_MATRIX`](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html#scd_matrix/) feature or custom static content deploy command.  
```

The `grunt-contrib-jasmine.js` library has been updated. The `toBeFalsy()` function does not work correctly with undefined values. Use the `toBeUndefined()` function instead to check results. <!--- AC-2840-->

### Static content deployment

> A new backend theme (`magento/spectrum`) was added to support integration with Adobe Experience Platform. As a result, static file generation does not work correctly after upgrading to Adobe Commerce 2.4.5 on cloud infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new backend theme (`magento/spectrum`) was added to support integration with Adobe Experience Platform. As a result, static file generation does not work correctly after upgrading to Adobe Commerce 2.4.5 on cloud infrastructure if you use the [`SCD_MATRIX`](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html#scd_matrix) deployment strategy.
```

> If you use [`SCD_MATRIX`](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html#scd_matrix/) configuration, please do not forget to add the new `magento/spectrum` theme to the config `.magento.env.yaml` or your custom static content deploy command.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `SCD_MATRIX` configuration, you must add the new `magento/spectrum` theme to your `.magento.env.yaml` file or your custom static content deploy command.  
```
